Add your info here
DNS Configuration Example
This section describes a typical DNS configuration example.

The security appliance allows PC1 within trust zone to access Internet via DNS proxy. The IP address of DNS server in the public network is 202.106.0.20; the IP address of the device's ethernet0/0 interface is 192.168.10.1/24; the IP address of PC1 in the trust zone, which is connected to the above interface, is 192.168.10.3/24; the IP address of ethernet0/1 interface, which is connected to the public network in the untrust zone, is 10.160.65.31/24.

Take the following steps:

Step 1: Configure the interface and enable DNS proxy on ethernet0/0.

On the Navigation pane, click Configure > Network > Network to visit the Network page.
Select ethernet0/0 from the interface list, and click Edit.
In the Interface Configuration dialog, configure options as follows:
Binding type: Layer 3 zone
Zone: trust
Type: Static IP
IP address: 192.168.10.1
Netmask: 24
Select the Enable DNS Proxy check box.
Click OK to save your changes and close the dialog.
Select ethernet0/1 from the interface list, and click Edit. In the Interface Configuration dialog, configure options as follows:
Binding type: Layer 3 zone
Zone: untrust
Type: Static IP
IP address: 10.160.65.31
Netmask: 24
Click OK to save your changes and close the dialog.
Step 2: Configure a DNS proxy.

On the Navigation pane, click Configure > Network > Network to visit the Network page.
On the Task tab in the right auxiliary pane, click DNS.
On the Server and Proxy tab in the DNS List dialog, click New in DNS Proxy section.
In the DNS Proxy Configuration dialog, configure options as follows:
Domain Type: Any domain
Domain Server: User-defined
DNS1: 202.106.0.20
Click OK to save your changes and close the dialog.
Step 3: On PC1, configure the DNS server's IP address to ethernet0/0 interface's IP address, i.e., 192.168.10.1.

Step 4: ping www.sina.com.cn This address can be resolved on PC1.


Example Files
On the following pages we present a set of example files that can be used as a very basic configuration for a BIND DNS server.

The name server process uses these files to tell the rest of the Internet about your machines. If you add a new machine, or if you change the IP address of a machine, you have to change the corresponding file. After having edited one or more files, you must restart the "named" process. Don't forget to update the serial number in every zone file you edit.

You have to choose ONE of the first two example files. The first one is to be used if you have BIND version 8 installed. The second one is to be used if you have BIND version 4 installed. The third and following files are common to the two versions, and are all required on your system.

When dealing with DNS files it is crucial that one is EXTREMELY careful when one types. If the example files have a period character (".") at one place, it is imperative that your files have that character in the corresponding place. Likewise, if the files do NOT have have a period character, neither should yours. The placement of special characters might seem random and unmotivated, but they are there to make your unforgiving computer shut up and not complain, and in the long run, that will make life easier for you. :-)
